# fw.mpa Basic Topics #

## I18n Support ##

fw.mpa has a simple and clear i18n support in templates.

### Listing Available Locales ###

Before translation, you should list available locales in "app.locale" field in app configuration.

```js
app.setConfig({
	app: {
		locale: ["zh_CN", "zh"]
	}
});
```

The example above has set "zh_CN" (simplified Chinese) and "zh" (general Chinese) as available locales.
Framework will select the best matched language for each client session.
You can also manually select one through `fw.selectLanguage(...)` in client code or `conn.selectLanguage(...)` in server code.
If no available locales are matched for a session, the original untranslated string is used as a "default" locale.

### Translating Template Strings ###

In templates, put your untranslated strings between two "\`" like below.

```html
<!-- helloworld.tmpl -->

<tmpl id="helloworld" minify>
	<p>`helloworld`</p>
</tmpl>

<tmpl id="user" minify>
	<div>`User:` {{username}}</div>
</tmpl>

<json id="errors">{
	"404": "`Not Found`"
}</json>
```

Create a ".locale" directory in the same position with the same basename of the ".tmpl" file.
Write a JSON file with the same name of the locale.
To translate the tmpl file above to zh_CN, you should put content below into the "helloworld.locale/zh_CN".

```json
{
	"helloworld": "欢迎，世界！",
	"User:": "用户：",
	"Not Found": "未找到"
}
```

Now if you visit in a zh_CN browser, you will get `<p>欢迎，世界！</p>` instead of `<p>helloworld</p>`.

"\'" character is always special in templates. To escape, write double "\`" together to represent a single "\`".
Currently, you cannot use "\`" (even doubled) inside untranslated strings. (Translate them out!)

### Extra Translations ###

If the strings to be translated is not in templates (a.k.a. in scripts), you can put translations directly in the JSON file as the second object.

```json
[{
	"helloworld": "欢迎，世界！",
	"User:": "用户：",
	"Not Found": "未找到"
}, {
	"another strings": "另一个字符串"
}]
```

The second object will be passed to scripts as `pg.tmpl.i18n(...)`.

```js
fw.main(function(pg){
	pg.tmpl.i18n('another strings') // => '另一个字符串' in zh_CN browsers, 'another strings' in other browsers
});
```

Using extra translations is NOT ENCOURAGED, for they are difficult to control. Use as less as possible.

### The "LOCALE" Running Mode ###

There is a special running mode called "LOCALE" to detect the untranslated template strings (extra translations cannot be detected).
You can run with `FW=LOCALE node index.js [LOCALE]`.
It will display where the untranslated strings are.
This command scans .tmpl files under current working directory.
However, it only process a single `LOCALE` one time.
If you do not specify the `LOCALE`, it will try to detect you system's language through LANG environment variable, which is usually present in linux.
Unused translations will be put into the third object in JSON files, so do not worried about lost translations.
